Github is a collaberation or single user source control system where indicduals can store and edit code. 
It was created in 2005 by Linus Torvalds and though there are many other applications just like this 
(CVS, Subversion, BitKeeper, Mercurial) however Github is the most well know and used. I find this 
platform useful for not only storing code but for small collaberation projects, though for sites 
that need to be run through specfifc applications like django it is only good as a storage systme 
and a way for others to see it.

Repository - a repository a section that is created to store specific codes, like when we make a 
repositorie for class as that is where all class codes will go
Commit - is when you save the items you are trying to load where you can add comments to what 
you were adding or changing.
Push - is used to send the documents that you have added or changed into the githiub repository
it is linked to.
Branch - allows you to create another section in the repository that is seperate to the main 
section, so that you could have a seperet section that would not be edited when you push to another.
Fork - Fork is almost the same as clone but it is supposed to be linked to your own repository do that 
way you can't edit the original.
Merge - is when you take all the files and edit history from one or all branches and add them to the 
main repository section.
Clone - clone is used to creat a link from a file in the computer to the repository of your choice 
giving all the files that are within it.
Pull - pull takes any edits or changes of the repository and add/edit them in the file you have though 
it does not correspond with your changes, such as if you edit/add a document it will not be 
rewritten/deleted.
Pull request - Is the same as pull but it should not effect the main file unless the owner allows it.

to add name to file

- pressed the fork button in the git repositor, cloned the fork to my computer, made edits to the files, commited
the files in the forked files, pushed them to the fotkrf file, once it was uploaded I used the pull button on the 
github tab and sent the file edit to be added.

